CASMINST-5962 - Update Docs to Indicate Ceph Latency Repair is Mandatory (#3702)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/README.md

- If IMS image creation CFS jobs fail, see [Known Issue: IMS image creation failure](../troubleshooting/known_issues/ims_image_creation_failure.md) for a possible workaround.

- On some systems, Ceph can begin to exhibit latency over time, and if this occurs it can eventually cause services like `slurm` and services that are backed by `etcd` clusters to exhibit slowness and possible timeouts.  It can also cause nexus to start up slowly or fail to initialize properly.

> Please see [Known Issue: Ceph OSD latency](../troubleshooting/known_issues/ceph_osd_latency.md) for a mandatory one-time workaround needed to correct settings, so as to avoid this latency condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Known Issue: Ceph OSD latency](../troubleshooting/known_issues/ceph_osd_latency.md) for a mandatory one-time workaround needed to correct settings, so as to avoid this latency condition.
```
